Registrar uses information (#77)
anima-wg/voucher: draft-ietf-anima-rfc8366bis.md

Assertion Basis:
: Indicates the method that protects
  the imprint (this is distinct from the voucher signature that
  protects the voucher itself). This includes
  manufacturer-asserted ownership verification, assured
  logging operations, or reliance on Pledge endpoint behavior
  such as secure root of trust

>   of measurement. The join registrar uses this information to make a determination as to whether to accept the Pledge intot he network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  of measurement. The join registrar uses this information to make a determination as to whether to accept the Pledge into the network.
```
